Israel's prime minister says the
country's ground forces are now at the
height of the battle as they make
advances in the northern half of the
Gaza Strip this evening the military
announced that troops have now encircled
Gaza City it comes as the jabalia
refugee camp in Northern Gaza has been
hit by a deadly Israeli air strike for a
third day running our International
editor Jeremy Bowen has this
report tonight Israel says it has
surrounded Gaza City an army statement
said that soldiers were attacking Hamas
positions places where it launches
rockets and killing
terrorists Israel has increased the
tempo of its ground war in Gaza the Army
said its soldiers needed to be resilient
in the coming weeks and to cease fire
was not on the
table the troops have been visited by
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu I call on the uninvolved get
out get out move South because we will
not quit our effort to eliminate the
Hamas terrorists we will advance we will
advance and
win Hamas has released its own video it
said of an attack against an Israeli
tank in the zun area east of Gaza
City Hamas said it would make Gaza a
cursed place for Israel and send more of
its troops home in body bags
Israel hit bur refugee camp as its prime
minister once again ordered Palestinian
civilians to move South for their own
safety B Camp is inside the area where
he told them they should go and
thousands of displaced people were
Sheltering
that the UN Human Rights office has said
that so many civilians have been killed
and wounded in Israeli air strikes that
it has serious concerns that these are
disproportionate attacks that could be
war
crimes a girl was pulled out
alive she asks the stretcher bearers are
you taking me to my grave the men try to
reassure her that she's not
dead across Gaza unknown numbers of dead
are buried under the
rubble in Bur Camp he's asked who he's
looking
for my four children my four children he
says oh God why did you leave me and
die Israel says it wants to destroy
Hamas civilians it says are killed
because Hamas uses them as human
Shields this is jabalia in Northern Gaza
hit 3 Days
running
Israel defends its targeting vigorously
but it also knows that pictures like
this every day make it harder for its
allies to push back demands for a
ceasefire the boy is saying we didn't do
anything wrong we didn't do anything
wrong the UN says 22 people Sheltering
in four of its schools were killed today
it isn't clear what hit this one in
jabalia what is clear from the evidence
and un statements is that nowhere is
safe in Gaza Jeremy bone BBC News
Southern
Israel well almost four weeks into the
war in Gaza and thousands of
Palestinians have been killed wounded or
a missing the death toll and the
emotional toll as you saw is growing for
those trapped inside as special
correspondent fergal Keane has been
working with journalists on the ground
in Gaza to file this report from from
Jerusalem all of their days the war
follows
them exhausted and scared wherever they
flee nearly 1 and a half million
displaced living under a threatening
Sky it can take away parents in an
instant Ahmed jabber age 16 was maimed
and lost his mother and father as they
were fleeing from north to south Gaza
during an Israeli air
strike I wish that my life could go back
to how it was he told the BBC to have my
life and the lives of my people go back
to how it was
before but in many places there's
nothing to go back
to Only The Sounds in the Stillness
of the men searching for neighbors for
[Music]
families somewhere beneath
this there was a house here seven floors
two apartments in each many people lived
here going about their daily life eating
and drinking tens of people have been
killed and injured and there are many
still under the
rubble some few of gaza's besieged have
been told they can
leave foreign passport holders and some
of the Wounded are being allowed to
cross to
safety this was the scene at Rafa border
crossing with Egypt
today yesterday we filmed tala and her
disabled brother
yazid turned back because their names
were not on the list of the
fortunate and today again they
failed we managed to reach tala by phone
tonight and I'm just wondering for you
um emotionally how it
is I don't think I'm going to lie when
they said I think everyone is ear life
I'm sorry I'm getting emotional
um but I think it's emotionally
devis I just really love Suns but I
don't anym because at night the gets
be day 27 nearly a month of war and no
end in
sight Ferg BBC News Jerusalem